Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
Chuck Norris once shot down a German fighter plane with his finger, by yelling, "Bang!"
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
In fine print on the last page of the Guinness Book of World Records it notes that all world records are held by Chuck Norris, and those listed in the book are simply the closest anyone else has ever gotten.
There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. there were no survivors and the pilot episode tape has been burned.
When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score a 1600.
Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick)
The opening scene of the movie "Saving Private Ryan" is loosely based on games of dodge ball Chuck Norris played in second grade.
Walmart stopped selling ninja costumes around Halloween due to to many roundhouse related deaths from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
Scotty in Star Trek often says "Ye cannae change the laws of physics." This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
The movie "Delta Force" was extremely hard to make because Chuck had to downplay his abilities. The first few cuts were completely unbelievable.
Chuck Norris once pulled out a single hair from his beard and skewered three men through the heart with it.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and wood-grain alcohol.
It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, and instead requests a hand gun and a bucket.
Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris does all of his grocery shopping at Home Depot.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris doesn't churn butter. He roundhouse kicks the cows and the butter comes straight out.
Chuck Norris saved the earth from the ice age with a round house kick. Got the entire planet to start spinning again.