1.    Tim can burp the entirety of Tolstoy’s novel War and Peace with one bottle of Root Beer.
2.    The U.S. Copyright Office has legally recognized the word “Greatest” as truly applicable only to Tim. Any use of the words is subject to a lawsuit by the rightful owner, but Tim very seldom chooses to file those suits.
3.    The story of Rip Van Winkle was actually written by the owner of a bowling alley in New Hampshire after Tim fell asleep in the middle of one of the lanes. The owner said Tim’s statuesque repose and incredible beard inspired him beyond belief.
4.    In Southern France, Tim is known as “L'homme qui a monté la citrouille” – roughly translated as “The man who rode the pumpkin.” Neither the people of France nor Tim will discuss the story behind the name.
5.    Tim had a brief stint as a hairstylist and consultant. During that time he perfected hairstyles for Bruce Willis, Dwayne Johnson, Samuel L. Jackson, and Vin Diesel. Each of these stars attribute a large portion of their success to Tim’s fashion advice.
6.    Tim holds a Master of Arts in Everything from Harvard, Yale, Princeton, and the University of Dublin. He is the only person in history to hold this degree.
7.    A couple of college students once claimed they were tougher than Tim. As a test, the students and Tim were enclosed in a room and forced to listen to Fergie’s national anthem rendition on repeat. After 72 hours, all participants were released. The students were immediately admitted to psychiatric care as they had lost all mental faculties. Tim was immediately admitted to a Chinese buffet, as he was starving.
8.    While Usain Bolt officially won the 200m race at the Rio Olympics, astute fans noticed that Tim actually beat him handily whilst running alongside the track. Tim had heard that all soft pretzels with cheese were half off for the next minute, so he was running for the nearest pretzel stand.
9.    Bob Marley was an uptight accountant when he first met Tim in the 1960s. Tim taught him great relaxation techniques, and helped him write most of his greatest hits. Tim also knit Marley several caps that he wore everywhere he went.
10.    Tim was once pulled over for speeding down Interstate 90. He was on his tricycle. The officer did give him a ticket, but did ask for Tim to autograph his forearm.
11.    Napoleon Bonaparte asked Tim to plan the bachelor party for his second marriage. The result was a celebration that was by all reports epic, but no one can remember the details. The reason for this is a new beverage Tim created for the occasion, a concoction that came to be referred to as “Ambrosia”. The mixture provided a euphoric experience and granted the power of flight, but also caused memory loss once the effects wore off.
12.    In 1929, Tim secluded himself to begin working on a detailed account of his past adventures. He wrote between 18 and 24 hours a day, and finished the book in 1939. He never offered the book for publication, but he did allow Stephen King to read it as a source of inspiration. Incidentally, this 10 year period in which Tim was writing is often referred to as “The Great Depression” in America, due to the lack of Tim in that decade.
13.    The Bermuda Triangle was once the location of Tim’s summer home. The many planes and boats claimed to have been “lost” in that area were actually just left by those who enjoyed hanging out with Tim so much that they never left the island.
14.    After a strange hang-gliding incident in the Himalayas, Tim was named the national bird of Nepal.
15.    In 1996, when the U.S. Treasury Department was redesigning paper currency, they also researched a prototype for a Three-Dollar and Fifty Cent piece. The “Tree-Fiddy” as it is known today had Tim’s portrait on one side and the Loch-Ness Monster on the other. The design was eventually rejected, as members of the research committee were afraid of the implications of the general public knowing about the existence of Nessie.
16.    Terry Crews has kept a poster of Tim in his workout room since he was a teenager. He claims it gives him focus and motivation, and has made him who he is today.
17.    Tim is classified as an illegal substance in 48 of the U.S. states and 192 countries. City bylaws in Buckley, Washington state that “Tim may not be carried or sold between the hours of 9:00 a.m. and 2:00 p.m."
18.    For a short time in the 70s, Tim cultivated and sold his beard hair. Since it grew on command, he could continually produce volume to meet demand. He stopped after only a few weeks because recipients of his hair all gained ESP and the ability to play the French Horn.
19.    Having known George Washington personally, Tim objected to the ostentatious monument built to honor him. In a fit of pique, Tim spent several weeks designing a shrink ray that ran off of leftover cheesecake bites. He then shrunk the monument and used it as a paper weight. The public outcry was incredible, but what finally convinced Tim to return the monument was the fact that there were just so many puns to be made about it. He put it back exactly as he found it, with the exception of some cheesecake crumbs that can still be found in the elevator shaft.
20.    Several major movie studios have attempted to make biopics of Tim. The two major concerns brought up are casting and special effects. Universal actually began filming with Jeff Bridges and Keanu Reeves, but had to stop when the stunt doubles union stepped in. According to the lawsuit from the union, “No human being could do the things this man did, regardless of special effects.”
21.    Tim was the first gladiator to fight in the Colosseum in Rome. The Emperor Titus thought Tim would be defeated easily, and put him as the first fight. The next three days were punctuated by Tim continually defeating each enemy sent against him, including a pack of rabid wildebeests, 2 legions of the Roman army, and an intoxicated goose. Emperor Titus finally gave up asked Tim to be his bodyguard.
22.    During the American Revolution, Tim supported the colonists in a variety of functions. When the boycott of tea began, Tim provided home brewed rum free to all revolutionaries as a replacement. Historians attribute the early failure of the Continental Army to the availability of free liquor. To redeem himself, Tim offered to row General Washington and his men over the Delaware on Christmas Eve and play the fife for them for motivation.
23.    Tim has been named Time magazine’s person of the year every year since 1917. However, people were offended that no one else ever made the cover, so starting in 1927, while Tim remained the official person of the year, a different, less-prominent person was chosen to post on the cover.
24.    Tim was mistakenly put on Death’s list of people to collect many decades ago. Death refused to admit the mistake unless Tim beat him in a contest of his choosing. Death chose scythe throwing, and was surprised when Tim bested him 7 times in a row. He finally admitted defeat, and he and Tim became fast friends. They exchange poetry often, and Tim was the best man at Death’s wedding.
25.    While Greek mythology speaks of the 12 labors of Hercules, in actuality Hercules was assigned 54 tasks initially. Tim, knowing Hercules didn’t have the strength to complete the majority of them, picked out 12 for Hercules and took the remaining 42 tasks himself. It took Hercules years to complete his assignments, so Tim refrained from bragging that he had finished the other 42 before breakfast the first day.
26.    The extinction of the dinosaurs was not due to an asteroid collision, ice age, or any other natural phenomenon. Tim had eaten several bowls of chili made with Carolina Reaper peppers. While Tim was immune to the searing heat, his flatulence became physically harmful to anyone else who inhaled. The dinosaurs never stood a chance. Incidentally, this is also where the phrase “silent, but deadly” was first coined.
27.    The Trojan War was thought to have been fought over a beautiful woman named Helen. “Helen” was actually Tim dressing for an audition in the stage version of Cats. He got the part, and inadvertently started one of the most famous wars in human history.
28.    Tim won the javelin throw at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He wandered onto the field looking for a falafel vendor, and couldn’t resist the temptation to throw a long pointy stick. Although his throw significantly beat the world record and he was initially awarded the gold medal, it was revoked when officials discovered he had consumed a banana nut muffin, which was on the list of banned substances for that year.
29.    One of the most famous collaborations of the 20th century was between Elvis Presley and Tim on a song that Tim wrote called “Single Ladies”. Unfortunately, there was only one known recording which has since vanished. Beyoncé found the lyrics and music to the song years later and recorded her own version, but the few who had the privilege to hear Tim and Elvis’ version swear it is unequivocally better.
30.    When Windows 3.1 was first released, the default screensaver was a picture of Tim eating mac ’n’ cheese. Sales and productivity dropped 24% across the U.S. the week of the release, as users would sit and stare at the screensaver for hours on end. Microsoft quickly recalled this screensaver and replaced it with the infamous “flying windows” screensaver instead.
31.    Tim was knighted by Elizabeth the First after he led the British Navy to victory over the Spanish Armada. While some historians attribute the victory to the speed and maneuverability of the British ships, the truth is that Tim had bred voracious termites which the British threw onto the enemy ships. By the time the termites were satisfied, more than 3 quarters of the Armada was gone.
32.    The abs on Ken dolls are patterned after a 3-D scan of Tim’s abdominal muscles in a state of relaxation.
33.    Tiring of being the fastest person to solve the Rubik’s Cube, Tim trained three Chipmunks to solve the puzzle together in 17 seconds. Movie studio executives loved the idea of anthropomorphic chipmunks, and started a television series based on Tim’s trained rodents that would later become Alvin and the Chipmunks.
34.    Only 4 deaths per year are attributed to sharks. 22 deaths a year are attributed to bovines. 42 deaths a year are attributed to people falling down open manholes while gazing at Tim’s beauty.
35.    Sasquatch is in fact real – Tim met him while on a spiritual journey in Belgium. They started a monthly poker game to which they regularly invite people they find interesting. Past participants include Aristotle, George Foreman, and Denzel Washington.
36.    In the early 21st century, Tim appeared to vanish for several months. It turns out he was sitting in the middle of Times Square, but he had mastered the ability of standing so incredibly still that he became invisible to the eye. Tim later taught this trick to a friend of his named Drax the Destroyer.
37.    Several years ago, Tim stopped a rogue asteroid heading straight for earth. He redirected the course of the asteroid by firing 30,000 yogurt covered raisins from a blow-dart gun in rapid succession at it.
38.    Tim once donated blood after hearing about a nationwide shortage. His blood ended up being used twice, on a guy named Steve Rogers and another named Wade Wilson. When both men developed stunning abilities after the transfusion, the CDC quarantined the remainder of Tim’s donation, and requested he not donate again.
39.    Tim stunned the judges on season 4 of the Great British Bake Off with his 42 layer cake. The cake was 3 stories high, and contained 53 elements from the periodic table. The judges were even more stunned when Tim ate the entire cake in one sitting.
40.    Tim once beat Venus and Serena Williams in a doubles tennis match. Tim’s partner was originally going to be Richard Simmons, but he backed out at the last minute because they wouldn’t let him choose his own wardrobe. To compensate, Tim wore an Kermit the Frog puppet on his left hand and played both sides of the court.
41.    Tim was at the Battle of Thermopylae, leading the 300 Spartans. He was removed from the historical account because the story was much less impactful when people found out that Tim survived the entire battle unscathed. Apparently he was craving tacos, and the Persian ruler Xerxes (knowing no army could defeat Tim) offered to fix him a taco bar if he would sit out the battle for an afternoon.
42.    Tim’s beard was one of the original seven wonders of the ancient world. Zeus argued that it shouldn’t count because it wasn’t in a stationary position, and so he replaced it on the list with a giant statue of himself.
43.    Tim once walked a tightrope strung across Niagara Falls. It was not planned, the rope just happened to be there when he stopped by. Incidentally, he laid the coding framework for a virtual reality game while crossing because he got bored halfway across.
44.    Despite a distinct preference for not getting his hands dirty, Tim is an accomplished finger painter. He was named artist of the year in 2013 by the International Finger-Painting Coalition, and one of his early works is hung on the Pope’s refrigerator.
45.    Tim is an incredible gardener. He accidentally dropped a lug nut while planting some orchids once. A few days later it had grown into a full size Lamborghini Gallardo.
46.    Tim bested Aquaman in an underwater basket weaving competition, and in repayment Aquaman offered to cook Tim dinner. Unfortunately, he was a worthless cook, so Tim ended up teaching him a new recipe using the ingredients he had nearby. The result was the first fish sticks in history. Aquaman was so delighted by them he made them the national food of Atlantis.
47.    Growing bored of modern life, Tim once decided to travel back in time. He chose the late 1800s, and began backpacking across Europe. He found what he thought was an abandoned castle in the woods of Transylvania, and made himself at home. When the occupants of the castle returned, they found Tim eating mutton with a pitcher of red Kool-Aid nearby. Not knowing what Kool-Aid was, they made some assumptions, and the legend of the Transylvanian blood-drinker was born.
48.    The saying “kill two birds with one stone” came about because of Tim. He was having a leisurely picnic at Stonehenge when a group of harpies showed up began stealing his homemade margaritas. Angry because he had no more margarita mix, Tim picked up the nearest pillar and chunked it at the harpies. Mercenaries camped nearby saw the interaction and claimed two of the harpies fell to the blow, bringing the saying into being.
49.    The first documented drag race in the U.S. was between Tim and Henry Ford. They raced down Pennsylvania avenue as President Woodrow Wilson and his cabinet cheered and placed bets. Tim won, of course, and Ford decided to name his favorite automobile after Tim. He called it the “Model Tim” which was later shortened to just the “Model T”.
50.    When Francis Ford Coppola began filming The Godfather, it was intended to be a documentary following the exploits of Tim and his highly successful dynasty of organized crime. After filming had been completed,  Coppola realized leaving Tim in the film might cause jealousy in other crime lords, so he replaced him with Marlon Brando. The dialogue and actions were left exactly as they happened, only the actors were changed.
51.    To raise awareness for the plight of the West Venezuelan Flying Fire Possum, Tim survived for 3 days solely on cheddar biscuits from Red Lobster.
52.    Tim beat the original Dark Souls using an Atari system and a rigged Wii controller. It took him 12 minutes because he had to take a break to let his bagel bites cool down.
53.    On one of his trips to Antarctica, Tim was sledding down some snow banks when he was approached by a group of emperor penguins. They had noticed Tim was wearing his sledding tuxedo, and felt a kinship with him. They invited him back to their colony for a fish dinner and named him an honorary penguin, with all rights and responsibilities thereof.
54.    Tim is a licensed hopscotch officiator, and has overseen hopscotch bouts for presidents, royalty, celebrities, and several troops of kangaroos. He also officiated an underwater game between rival swarms of jellyfish, but swore never to do it again after they made fun of his Hello Kitty swim trunks.
55.    Tim is the first human to have eaten ravioli in outer space. Chef Hector Boiardi (later famous for the creation of Chef Boyardee line of canned products) was good friends with Tim, and when he heard Tim was planning a long journey, made him a special meal of ravioli, one of Tim’s favorite dishes. Tim ate the meal a few hundred thousand miles outside of the rings of Jupiter, thinking of Hector the whole time.
56.    As a high schooler, Tim entered a Nick Cage look-alike contest. Interestingly enough, Nick Cage himself entered the same contest. Tim took 1st place; Nick took 3rd.
57.    Marie Kondo claims that an afternoon discussing philosophy with Tim is what inspired her to “Tidy Up” her life. As repayment, she trained his pet hawk James to wash the dishes for him.
58.    In 2010, Tim was awarded the Heisman Trophy. He hadn’t played any sports that year, or been nominated for the award, but the 870 voters all unanimously wrote him in as the winner. When asked later what had come over them, one of the voters simply said, “Well would you look at him?”
59.    Tim holds 417 records in the Guinness Book of World Records, including “Most insults given in under a minute”, “Longest continual sneer”, and “Most consecutive hours without giving a darn”.
60.    Tim entered the Daytona 500 on a tricycle he borrowed from a friend. He won the race, mainly due to the banana peels he continually threw behind him to distract the other drivers.
61.    Tim has been the undisputed chess champion of the world since 1972. Since it was clear no one could match him intellectually, they made him play blindfolded and while listening to Janis Joplin. When he still won every game, they came up with an alternate “World Chess Championship” and excluded Tim from participating altogether.
62.    One night in San Francisco, Tim ran into Mr. Rogers in a bar near the Fisherman’s Wharf. The two chatted, threw back a dozen Shirley Temple’s  each, and entered a tango competition which they won handily.
63.    While traveling through Budapest on a vision quest, Tim came across a gypsy woman who had fallen in the Danube River. He rescued her, and in return she brewed a potion that she swore would keep his beard awesome for generations to come. While Tim originally questioned the authenticity of it, the continued awesomeness of his facial hair convinced him it was true.
64.    Tim once borrowed Thor’s hammer to complete a home-improvement project. Musical trolls kept pestering him during the project, despite his repeated warnings, so Tim finally struck them all at once with Mjolnir. They flew across the sky, leaving colorful streaks that can be seen even today. Some refer to this residual color as the “Aurora Borealis”.
65.    On a whim, Tim faked his own death in an elaborate set-up with a trash compactor, then proceeded to give the eulogy at his own funeral. People in attendance swore the speech was the most moving they had ever heard, and Tim’s words were used as the basis for half a dozen modern speeches, including Reagan’s speech at the Berlin Wall, JFK’s inaugural address, and the opening lines of The Big Lebowski.
66.    One summer, when bored, Tim charmed a group of industrious sea gnomes into building him a private island. The result was a lush, tropical paradise filled with new carnivorous species. In recent decades, Tim has opened the island to “adventure groups” through Airbnb to keep the indigenous species well-fed.
67.    J.R.R. Tolkien penned The Lord of the Rings after finding a discarded manuscript Tim had written as a guide to an epic campaign for Dungeons and Dragons. Tim had began running the campaign with Winston Churchill, Joseph Staling and Shirley Temple, but quickly tired of how ruthless Temple was and decided to wipe the party out with half a dozen Prismatic Dragons.
68.    After a particularly bad break-up, Kurt Cobain turned to his best friend Tim to cheer him up. Tim recommended hang gliding, exotic passionfruit, and pixy stix, all at the same time of course. It was during this excursion together that Tim helped Kurt pen the song “Smells Like Teen Spirit”.
69.    In the late 2010s, a revolution swept the Walmart Slack nation. This revolution was started by !cagemebro, a magical command that captured the attention and adoration of a generation. Of course, something this amazing could have only been created by Tim, but he chose to remain anonymous, and allow the common people of Slack to enjoy his gifts to them.
70.    Mount Rushmore was originally designed as a monument called “The Four Faces of Tim” and crafted based on miniature molds taken of four facial expressions of Tim. The carving was almost complete when sculptor Gutzon Borglum accused Tim of witchcraft. Although the accusations were never proven, Borglum destroyed the original design and chose some less important people to carve in the side of the mountain.
71.    Tim once took Shakira for a bareback ride on a Bengal tiger through the streets of New York. As they galloped through Times Square, they broke into a duet of “The Eye of the Tiger” in Swedish. No one is quite sure when Tim had the time to train the tiger, why he invited Shakira, or why they were singing in Swedish, but all agreed that it sounded angelic.
72.    Most people are unaware that the famous painting the Mona Lisa was actually the first successful attempt at a mash-up. Da Vinci took Tim’s piercing eyes and ruddy cheeks, and combined them with a lovely Spanish courtesan to produce the final product. It is rumored that Da Vinci’s only regret was not having more of Tim in the piece.
73.    While out drinking once, Chuck Norris and Tim once got into a debate over who would win in a thumb war. The battle raged two weeks, and the bartender began selling tickets to the event to help pay for the appetizers the two rivals were consuming to fuel their mighty war. Finally, Tim gained the upper finger and won the bet, awarding him bragging rights and a watch fob weaved from Chuck’s chest hair. As the loser, Chuck had to fulfill his end of the bargain and star in 9 seasons of Walker, Texas Ranger.
74.    When archeologists first explored the Great Pyramid at Giza, they found a carefully wrapped mummy lying in a sarcophagus. When the mummy sat up, archeologists were understandably frightened. It turned out to be Tim, who explained he had wrapped himself in strips of cloth soaked in papyrus juice. Tim claimed the juice had amazing restorative properties, and archeologists could see the glowing youthfulness in his skin. Incidentally, one of the archeologists used this encounter to write his first screenplay - which would become a film series starting with The Mummy.
75.    Tim remains the only person to have swam the English Channel while pulling a tugboat. When asked why he chose a tugboat, he told reporters it was the only way to transport the amount of bacon he would need for the trip.
76.    Tim and his brother Rib wanted to plan a weekend getaway for some brotherly bonding time. Rib was never much good at planning, so Tim and his friend Albert Einstein sorted out the logistics of it. Problem was, Albert was never one for keeping secrets, and he told a few people. By the time Tim, Rib, and Albert made it to the location, more than 400,000 people were already there. The musical gathering lasted 3 days. Rib named it Woodstock, and Tim vowed he would never again trust Albert with party planning secrets.
77.    Tim found out the story of Harry Potter was actually occurring in an alternate dimension. He travelled to this dimension and talked Dumbledore into quitting his job. Without someone to mentor him, Harry became a typical jaded teenager and joined a band. Hermione studied hard without Ron and Harry to weigh her down, and she found and destroyed Voldemort in her second year, creating her own horcrux in the process and becoming the truly invincible Dark Lady.
78.    Once, on a dare, Tim broke into Fort Knox. He didn’t steal anything, but took a picture of himself watching Ocean’s Eleven on top of a stack of gold as proof he was there. He also tucked a monogrammed handkerchief into one of the gold stacks, and left his number with a guard who said he had nice ankles.
79.    The University of Dublin hired Tim to teach an elective class on “Drinking with Disdain”. The class was full through all 7 semesters Tim taught, and was audited by the Queen, David Beckham, Kim Kardashian, and Frank Sinatra’s nephew’s cat sitter. Tim was awarded both the Distinguished Teaching Award and the Outstanding Educator Certificate.
80.    Tim was inspired by reading Around the World in 80 Days, but felt it was cheating to just go around the equator in 80 days. He began travelling directly north, passing through the North Pole and eventually the South Pole on his trip back home. He rode a moose named Tina through most of the trip, and they still get drinks together at a bar in Nantucket once a year on the anniversary of their trip.
81.    During the second Zombie Apocalypse, Tim was stranded on Ellis Island when a group of zombies attacked Lady Liberty. Tim fought off the horde with a stuffed teddy bear, an empty can of Red Bull, and a strand of barbed wire he usually keeps in his pocket.
82.    J. Edgar Hoover had a file cabinet in his office labelled “M.I.D.A.T.” which stood for Most Important Documents About Tim. Inside the cabinet were files on Tim’s exploits, eyewitness accounts of Tim sightings, and physical evidence from locations rumored to have housed Tim. Hoover also kept a framed photo of Tim playing harpsichord with Mozart on his desk.
83.    Bob Ross was Tim’s understudy for more than a decade. Tim not only taught him how to paint with precision and patience, but guided him in hair growth techniques that gave him his afro. Bob also took on Tim’s signature paintbrush move, which was to “beat the devil out of ‘em” frequently.
84.    Although unicorns were thought to have died out long ago, Tim is actually one of 13 remaining unicorn farmers in the Western Hemisphere. Tim is the only one with the knowledge to breed rainbow unicorns, which is why in certain circles he holds the title Unicorn King.
85.    Tim once escaped a forest fire when he charmed a group of wild bees using an ancient Sumerian lullaby. The bees formed a living chair and flew him out of the forest, feeding him succulent honey as they did.
86.    In one of his time-travelling adventures, Tim used a king’s goblet as a spittoon. Unbeknownst to him, that goblet would become known as the holy grail, sparking quests, legends, and epic movies.
87.    The film Snakes on a Plane was the result of an epic April Fool’s joke. Tim told Samuel L. Jackson they would be filming a documentary on modern toga wearing, and only released the snakes after Jackson’s plane was in the air. Jackson retaliated by putting Tim’s phone number on the wall of that plane’s lavatory, along with “call for an okay time”.
88.    Tim once scaled Mt. Fuji in an Elizabethan gown, using the lace from the gown as climbing rope as he went
89.    Tim revived a dying salamander he found on a beach in New Guinea by feeding it a mixture of peanut butter, lemon juice, and a single strand from his beard
90.    On a road trip to Las Vegas with Elton John, the Beatles, and Tenacious D, Tim extemporaneously broke into song. He made it up as he went, and the entire group was amazed. As a present to them, Tim gave them each the rights to a portion of the song. The Beatles portion became a song know as “Hey Jude”, Elton John turned his segment into “Tiny Dancer”, and Tenacious D composed “Tribute” from their third.
91.    Tim was actually offered the title role in the film Forrest Gump, but turned it down when he found out Bubba would not survive to start a shrimp restaurant with him. Tom Hanks later took the role, but the director always claimed Tim was the better fit.
92.    During tropical storm Hannah, Tim rode an oversized toad into the heart of the storm to rescue an iPad rumored to contain the only copy of the original Star Wars, starring Nicholas Cage as Princess Leia.
93.    The earth has been invaded by vicious alien species twice since 2011. The first time, Tim hacked every news channel in the world to display an endless loop of cat videos, which turned the aliens to pacifists, after which they left in peace. During the second invasion, Tim challenged the alien leader to a riff off, and shredded so hard on his fender that the alien leader’s face literally melted off. (Because of the laws of that species, Tim became the next leader, and spent several decades in a pocket dimension leading them in glorious conquest, after which he turned over leadership to his second in command and returned to the exact moment he left the time stream, no older in earth years.)
94.    Up until 1849, Death Valley was actually known as “Pickle Patch Valley”. Tim and his arch-nemesis Rick were thrown through a time vortex into the winter of 1849, and fought an epic battle in the pickle patch. Tim emerged victorious, and as revenge on his arch-nemesis, Tim turned him into an internet sensation commonly known as “Pickle Rick”.
95.    Every finishing move in the original Mortal Kombat game is based on a dance move from Tim.
96.    Tim set up a charity organization in the late 2010s for homeless birds, allowing them free housing in his beard on cold nights. To date, more than 73 birds have taken advantage of this offer.
97.    Through a series of bets with a minor Roman deity, Tim won a free day with any dead president of the United States. Tim chose Abraham Lincoln, with the stipulation that the two spend all day in the studio “laying down some sick beats”. Abe insisted Tim wear his top hat through the sessions, which is why Tim is credited on the mixtape only as TopHat Timba.
98.    “The Devil Went Down to Georgia” is loosely based on an encounter Tim had with the Devil many years ago. The Devil actually caught up to Tim outside a tavern in Roswell, New Mexico, and offered to buy his drinks for the night if Tim beat him in a saxophone riff-off. Tim not only handily won the riff-off, but went on to set a record for liters of alcohol consumed in one night. Charlie Daniels claims to have changed the story because he “couldn’t find anyone to play the saxophone worth a darn.”
99.    Tim was the first sculptor commissioned for the Statue of Liberty. He completed the work in only 3 weeks, but the French government was alarmed by the 305 foot statue of what appeared to be Waldo, complete with red and white beanie, smoking a cigar and holding the severed limb of a decepticon. They then chose Frédéric Auguste Bartholdi to complete a new statue. Tim’s work disappeared a few years later, and is rumored to have been stolen by aliens who now worship it as a god.
100.    After eating an enchanted candy bar that transported him 5000 years into the future, Tim found himself in the middle of galactic war. All weapons had been destroyed centuries earlier, and all species programmed to avoid violence, so the war was fought entirely with snarky comments and comebacks. After realizing Tim’s potential, the leaders of all sides tried to draw him to their side. Tim ignored them completely and used his superior snark to single-handedly conquer the galaxy. His new subjects were to address him as “The Great and Wonderful Tim” but secretly referred to him as “The Snarkinator”.
101.    Tim was asked to be a consultant for the Game of Thrones television show, as he is the only human living to have actually slain a dragon. Tim refused, as he predicted a poorly written ending, which is why the final CGI for the dragons was not anywhere near as terrifying as the real thing.
102.    While attempting to escape from rabid hedgehogs, Tim built a hang glider from a checkered tablecloth, several bamboo tiki torches, and a few cords from a PlayStation 2. He used the contraption to fly the length of the  Serengeti, then gave it a ceremonial burial in appreciation of its service.
103.    During the 1996 World Rowing Championships, Tim accidentally won first place in the coxed fours event. He was headed for an island picnic in an old rowboat, but realized he had forgotten the hand-made petit fours, so he rowed back for them. Since Tim was not an official entrant of the race, they gave the gold to the team from Tim’s country, the USA.
104.    Tim fought Thanos once... over a Reese's Klondike bar. While in the med bay recovering after his loss, Thanos said he would prefer to have the mother-in-laws of each of his ex-wives move in with him than to have to go up against Tim again.
105.    Many years ago, Tim watched a movie called "The Ring". 7 days later a damp and slightly disheveled young lady crawled out of his television, fixed him a pineapple smoothie with ginger, thanked him for the opportunity, and left.
106.    The Infinity Gauntlet was actually just a wax mold of Tim’s hand. Simply being that close to Tim gave the gauntlet the ability to hold the stones without being destroyed.
107.    The first bar crawl was initiated in August of 1776, the evening after the signing of the Declaration of Independence. Tim knew the signers would need some liquid courage, plus he was a bit thirsty. He led the 56 signers through the streets of Boston, stopping at every tavern in sight. John Hancock was the only one able to stick with Tim through all 37 taverns, and ironically, Samuel Adams was the first one to pass out.
108.    Tim and his friend Andre the Giant were in Spain vacationing when they decided to participate in the running of the bulls. Unfortunately, Andre passed out just as the bulls were released, so Tim had to carry him throughout the run. A record number of injuries occurred that year, as participants slowed to stare at the spectacle of Tim carrying Andre in his arms like a child.
109.    In the fall of 2019, a group a people stormed the facility known as “Area 51” in Nevada. In a strange turn of events, the group found no guards anywhere, and every area of the facility left completely empty. News crews filmed them walking into the facility, and two days later, filmed the same group coming back out. When the individuals were questioned, they remembered nothing about entering the facility, or their time within. Other than the missing memories, they had only one other thing in common. When any of them were shown a picture of Tim, they would immediately fall to their knees and shout “El Dragón”. None of them could explain the involuntary behavior.
110.    Tim is often credited with the invention of the poetry slam, as he once challenged Shakespeare to a poetry competition onstage at the Globe Theatre. It turned out to not be much of a competition, as Shakespeare could not keep up with the rhythm and timing of Tim’s masterpiece, and he was booed off the stage before he finished a dozen couplets. Shakespeare had the last laugh, however, as he stole Tim’s impromptu poetry and turned into a story called Macbeth.
111.    To try to prevent anyone from being harmed in the “Area 51 Raid”, Keanu Reeves, Chuck Norris and Nicholas Cage decided to visit the site a few weeks in advance and post photos and videos for the public. When they reached the facility, they found Tim waiting at the gate. He welcomed them in, fed them chicken and waffles, and gave them a tour of the facility. The three refuse to speak about their visit, except to compliment Tim on his waffles. Shortly after the visit, each of them posted in opposition of the raid.
112.    Tim was actually the creator of the Build-A-Bear concept. Tim’s originally shop used parts from actual bears, however, and once customers “built” their bear, Tim would animate the creation for an extra fee. He decided to close up shop when it was discovered that all the owners were being devoured by their creations.
